= DESCRIPTION:

Installs the {Scout Agent}[http://scoutapp.com] gem and schedules it to run the {Scout-recommended way (via Cron)}[https://scoutapp.com/info/support#cron].

= REQUIREMENTS:

Debian or Ubuntu preferred.  Tested on Ubuntu 8.04 Server LTS, should work on others.

The Scout Agent requires a valid Scout account. You also need a unique server key which is displayed in your Scout accounts 'server settings' tab.

It looks like:

  6ecad322-0d17-4cb8-9b2c-a12c4541853f

= ATTRIBUTES:

* scout_agent[:user] - User to run Scout agent under.  Will be created if it does not exist.  Default is 'scout'.
* scout_agent[:group] - User group to run Scout agent under.  Will be created if it does not exist.  Default is 'scout'.
* scout_agent[:version] - Gem version to install.  Default is 5.5.6.
* scout_agent[:key] - Used to validate your agent when it checks into the Scout server.
* scout_agent[:scout_bin] - The full path that the scout gem binary is accessible from
* scout_agent[:public_key] - If you use self-signed custom plugins, set this attribute to the public key value and it'll be installed on the server

= USAGE:

Include the scout_monitor recipe to install Scout Agent and configure a Cron job to run it.  Be sure to set the scout_agent[:key] attribute on every node where you want the agent to run.

= LICENSE & AUTHOR:

Additions, Modifications, & Updates:

Author:: Drew Blas (<drew.blas@gmail.com>)
Copyright:: 2012, Drew Blas
https://github.com/drewblas/chef-scout_agent

Originally:

Author:: Seth Chisamore (<schisamo@gmail.com>)
Copyright:: 2010, Seth Chisamore
https://github.com/schisamo/chef_cookbooks

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
